When your application gets bigger, also the HDMI in your templates gets more clunky with time, it
might feel it's getting less and less manageable.
Sometimes you might also feel you are repeating yourself in your blade templates far too often.
This is what include directives after I said directives are there actually is a whole family of those
directives, they let you create some views and partial views which can be reused across different layouts
and pages.
They also help you extract parts of your templates into smaller chunks, which is easier to manage in
the long term.
Let's see an example, we can extract a blog post on the list to an external partial template, since
this particular partial template will only be used once and in a specific place.
It's not really a reusable code.
It is rather for making our individual template files smaller and focused.
In such cases, it's a good idea to keep partial folder that is specific to the domain.
In this case, the domain is posts.
So let's create a new Parshall's folder inside the posts.
Now, let me create a new partial file and call it post blade BHP.
Let's move all the content from within the four hours directive into this new partial.
Now, the include the directive itself.
You just need to specify the template name, so this would be posts Parshall's Post.
You might be wondering if it will work.
How does the partial template know about the loop variable or the post variable?
Well, don't worry, include inherits all the variables that were available in the place where it was
called.
So if that was within a four hour slope, every variable that was available within the loop will be
available inside the partial.
So you can see this still works.
Notice if you would use this partial template outside the loop, it will break down.
As basically it is expecting variables that are not normally available and just happen to be available
inside this loop.
So the partial template that is rendered using the include directive will inherit all the variables
from within the context where it was used, but also it is possible to pass some additional variables
to the include directive.
So this would be the second parameter and an array of keys and values representing those variables.
Exactly like you pass data inside the roots.
So in such cases, you might be able to provide this look variable or the post variable.